### Goals
- The trainee will get to know some trade offs that are done in big-data environments
- The trainee will understand go-to practices in the field and the reasoning for them
- The trainee will learm proper work methods

### Tasks
- Read about threefold replication
  - Why is it necessary?
  - Why not use RAID?
  - What are the sacrafices made when replicating?
  - What are the dangers when relying on replication?
  - Explain why it is recomended to implement threeforld replication in HDFS. Explain how it's aplication is done and why.
- Read about erasure coding
  - Why is it used and how does it work?
  - What does it come to replace? 
  - Should we use erasure coding simultaniously with data replication? Why?
- Read about the concept of quorums in software
  - When is quorum decision making used?
  - What are the pros and cons of quorum decision making?
  - Read and explain about the dangers of split-brain in software and about general ways to prevent it.
  - Present the way quorum decision making is done in Zookeeper.
- Read about the following products, find their respective operation limits (i.e throughput, storage handling, iops etc. where each is relevant) - essentialy where each starts to cause problem:
  - Kafka (ingest - batch)
  - Kafka Streaming (ingest - pseudo-streaming)
  - Flink (ingest - streaming)
  - Flume (parsing, ingest)
  - nifi (ingest, parsing, processing)
  - Spark (processing - batch)
  - Spark Streaming (processing - streaming)
  - HDFS (storage)
  - HBase (storage, querying)
  - Hive (querying)
  - Impala (querying)
- Describe the need of environmental seperation (test / pre-production / production) to the best of your abbility and refer to:
  - Necessity of network seperation between environments
  - Pros and cons of working with test and pre-prod environments
  - Necessity of unity between environments
